chore(upgrade): v1.11.0 to v1.13.0 (#2132)
frequency-chain/frequency: README.md

### Mixed Terminal/Docker

> This option runs two collator node as local host process and two relay chain validator nodes in each own docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option runs two collator nodes as local host processes and two relay chain validator nodes, each in its own docker container.
```
